so you got this finance girl right and
trying to get her panties wet all you
got to do homie has seen her one of the
most romantic songs you could think of
even if you sound like somebody
squeezing the shit out of your boss it's
that time of year again where
everybody's going from well shit bitch
analyst brand leave English to class
kill you guys is pain I remember high
school and I hated the shit out of it
there's seriously some people out there
that could just brag about high school
brag about how much they loved in and
out it was the best years of their life
and I'm just sitting here like how how
like how could you say that about the
shithole of a place they call high
school maybe I'm just being negative but
that was my experience so you know I
thought how about I make this video
explains how all my viewers out there
they're probably you know starting as
freshmen they're coming back as
sophomores juniors and seniors about all
the bullshit high school has to bring
and just and just come and give you in a
plate and hopefully I can help you learn
how to like deal with it because at the
end of the day remember the main reason
why you're there is to learn
it's to graduate is to move on in life
and show everybody that this generation
still has home first thing off top that
I could think of is dealing with
judgmental ass people this is a high
school there's a lot of assholes in a
lot of bitches and just love to talk
shit about people they don't even know
and nine times out of 10 these people
don't even say this stuff to that person
they're talking about they just say it
to all their little friends to act cool
and seem funny and this is where the
problems start then you have little old
Britney over here that's acquaintances
with Juanita and then one day Juanita
Watson to algebra class and is like yo
Britney let me
then right away little old Brittany will
quickly react with that is the worst
thing you could do now I know as humans
we have all this pride and if somebody
says something about us off top we just
jump up somewhere like what's up with it
who wants to get their ass beat but if
it's all that rumors bullshit don't even
waste your time trying to fight this
person just be like whatever was what's
it to me
do I care no I do not care let me tell
you something if you make this big deal
about it and you try to go fight this
person and just make this big ass scene
people are gonna believe this rumor
because obviously you're completely
bucker
about it just continue with your day and
don't even let it ruin your mood because
obviously this person is just an
ignorant miserable fuck that has nothing
better to do but to talk shit about
people they don't even know
second thing is relationships when you
start high school you're gonna meet a
shitload of new dudes a lot of new girls
that you are gonna become attracted to
and inside you're gonna make one of
these dudes your boyfriend or one of
these girls your girlfriend it's gonna
be exciting to you you're gonna think
you're in love you're gonna be all
wrapped up with this person and you're
gonna take it extremely seriously that's
the problem right there taking your high
school relationship seriously
relationships are too much like you have
all these problems all this drama all
these arguments they're just fuckin
stressing ya they have their little
cuddly cute moments oh my god babe
you're amazing oh let's kiss in the rain
tight moments but at the end of the day
we could both agree that relationships
are just an extra stress and you do not
need that extra stress when you're in
high school high school is already
stressing classes get fucking harder as
you progress in high school you need to
be focused on your shit you need to make
sure you are doing the best you can to
just pass the year and to keep it real
with you guys your high school
relationship is not gonna last this is
not the person that you're gonna marry
as much and you put it in your head that
oh my god
we love each other oh we're gonna get
married after high school we're gonna go
to college together and then get married
and have babies
gonna happen I'm sorry I'm not even
trying to say it in a mean way I'm just
saying you have your whole life ahead of
you
this is just high school you're barely
gonna be 18 when you finish high school
you have so many more years to meet more
people and somebody that you're probably
gonna like even more today but make sure
school is your first priority got it
third thing is being yourself because
when you're a nice will you discover a
lot of new shit and you know you're
young you're real vulnerable to be
influenced by something or somebody when
really it's it's just not you don't do
things just because you feel it's gonna
make somebody else except you basically
just do not care what others think about
you you know if you like doing something
and and they don't accept that then fuck
them they can fuck off you know that
something you like to do and finally
dealing with teachers now I know
teachers could be low assholes and do
all these things that's gonna piss you
off and make you tweet about them yeah
they'll give you all this work that's
doing an unreasonable amount of time
like damn bitch I know machine some of
them just love to be smart asses with
you and give you attitude whatever but
think about it you only have to deal
with this person for that school year
then you move on with life you don't
ever have to deal with them again you
could just be like fuck off and you you
go to the next year you graduate
whatever the case may be but the point
is if you have to be their slaves for
that school year to just pass don't do
what you got to do you know life isn't
easy no matter how much you might want
to snap on a t-shirt one day just just
try not to because if you're trying to
go to college you need letter of
recommendations and you don't want this
bitch right and all this student has
anger problems blah blah blah and then
it just kills your chances you know you
don't want this so like I said if you
have to be a slave just do it and life
ain't easy
hey guys thank you so much for watching
I appreciate it so much if you did enjoy
this video hit that like button and drop
a beautiful comment subscribe to my
youtube channel for all my further
videos and share this video to you know
all your high school friends if you
think it's helped or whatever you know
for whatever legend really quick shout
out to all the teachers that I've ever
had in my life I just want to say you're
welcome because I'm sure must have been
a real blessing to have me in your class
but yeah
[Music]